Add Window Size Tool documentation to 1.0.3 release (#189)
IBM/spm-ui-upgrade-helper: packages/gatsby-docs/src/pages/setup/tools.mdx

#### The domain allow list

Some content needs to be displayed on a larger modal and must not be resized. You can use a provided allow list to help you to filter out files that must not be resized. If you set the `containsAllowedDomainsOnly` parameter in a rule, the modal size is only reduced if all of the domains that are rendered in a UIM page are in the allow list.

The allow list contains the following field domains:

| Domain | Description |
|---- | ---- |
|SVR_STRING | Maps to strings with a length less than 300 to accommodate names, labels and comments. |
|CODETABLE_CODE | Maps to a dropdown. |
|SHORT_CODETABLE_CODE | Maps to a Radio button. |
|SVR_DATETIME | Maps to a date time input. |
|SVR_DATE | Maps to a date input. |
|SVR_INT8, SVR_INT16, SVR_INT32, SVR_INT64 | Maps to an integer. |
|SVR_MONEY | Maps to a money value. |
|INTERNAL_ID | Maps to an integer. |
|SVR_BOOLEAN | Maps to a checkbox. |

#### Window sizing rules

The window sizing rules define the criteria that are used to identify UIMs to resize. Where the rules are matched based on the width and content of a modal, a new size is set.

> - The order of the rules is important, as the first rule that matches is applied to each UIM file.

Reviewer: This reads a little unclear

```suggestion
- The order of the rules is important, as the first rule that matches is applied to the UIM file being evaluated
```
